Manager email address field association (#13739)
demisto/content: Packs/CommonTypes/ReleaseNotes/3_1_7.md

#### Incident Fields

> - **Manager Email Address** Associated the field with the IAM - AD User Activation event from the ILM Content Pack.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Manager Email Address** Associated the field with the **IAM - AD User Activation** incident type from the ILM Content Pack.
```
